# Test run with the ECC Sculptures dataset

Canonical URL of the dataset: <http://semantics.gr/authorities/vocabularies/ecc-sculptures-dataset>

This dataset consists of the complete data including a dataset description. The dataset description uses the void:rootResource property to point to all the resources.

## Download the dataset

```bash
crawl.sh --dataset-uri http://semantics.gr/authorities/vocabularies/ecc-sculptures-dataset --output ecc-sculptures.nt
```

## Validate the dataset description

Before processing the complete data we validated the dataset description. We used a SHACL shape file defined for datasets with URI lists using the VOID ontology:  

```bash
validate.sh --data ecc-sculptures.nt --shape shacl_dataset_list_void.ttl
```

According to `errors.txt` the validation was succesful.

## Map the schema.org data to EDM data

Next step was doing the actual conversion of the resources.

Note: The conversion ran into errors because of illegal encoding of unicode characters (use of lower case instead of uppercase for %xx characters). We fixed this by adding a hack to the sparql query. See `ecc-ucfix2edm.rq` for more details. Normally the (data)provider would be asked to fix the non-compliant URIs ofcourse.

```bash
map.sh --data ecc-sculptures.nt --query ecc-ucfix2edm.rq --output ecc-sculptures-edm.rdf
```

Note: in `.env` `VAR_PROVIDER` was set to 'EKT' to set the `edm:provider` property in this query.

## Validate the EDM data

Next the generated EDM data was validated.

```bash
validate.sh --data ecc-sculptures-edm.rdf
```

According to `errors.txt` the validation was succesful.

## Prepare for delivery to Europeana

```bash
convert.sh --data ecc-sculptures-edm.rdf --output ecc-sculptures-edm.zip
```

The result file will be created in the `data` dir and is called `ecc-sculptures-edm.zip`

The data was also upload to the Europeana Metis Sandbox environment for validation and preview. The process ran without errors (see the [test report](metis-sandbox-report-106.json)).

All the files generated by this test run are stored in the `test` dir under `ecc-sculptures` for documentation purposes.
